(boundedqueue): new semaphore implementation (#174)
open-telemetry/otel-arrow: collector/admission/README.md

# Admission Package

## Overview

> The admission package provides a BoundedQueue object which is a semaphore implementation that limits the number of bytes admitted into a collector pipeline. Additionally the BoundedQueue limits the number of waiters that can block on a call to `bq.Acquire(sz int64)`. The motivation for this object is to improve memory issues that can occur with collectors experiencing high traffic. The `exporterhelper` was a huge pain point for memory issues (An option to avoid data drops due to a full queue is to increase the exporterhelper queue size which requires the collector to hold more memory). The `concurrentbatchprocessor` can mitigate some of the issues of the exporterhelper by applying backpressure and using an inflight memory limiter within the processor, but memory issues can still occur in preceding components (e.g. the otelarrow receiver). Therefore, the BoundedQueue should help limit memory within the entire collector pipeline by limiting two dimensions that cause memory issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admission package provides a BoundedQueue object which is a semaphore implementation that limits the number of bytes admitted into a collector pipeline. Additionally the BoundedQueue limits the number of waiters that can block on a call to `bq.Acquire(sz int64)`.

This package is an experiment to improve the behavior of Collector pipelines having their `exporterhelper` configured to apply backpressure. This package is meant to be used in receivers, via an interceptor or custom logic. Therefore, the BoundedQueue helps limit memory within the entire collector pipeline by limiting two dimensions that cause memory issues:
```
